hello people i am otherwise i have here
still so was cheap headphones found
So, really, that's how you get it
headphones so the people you can yes
away I forgot looked agree to
so before that are the cheap so that is
headphones generally with such a nice one
adapter I have from the
I upgraded my stereo system
as which months cable that one the
connection here you go
brought in twice plus once -
water and you have here
nice stupid as you can see here so
crazy that maybe nice there too
come out and there again
one at a channel of the amplifier
time and I wish you much fun
and may it come to an end quickly
However mama sharp are all right
go well here so no political
ziehsohn homemade tuesday
Taken and that wants net server
with the iphone 4 the best picture if it
standing here would ever have stood
now want to always be funny the
playoffs already model who are
says you still sharp he is away
Taut is now or light and
then it starts smart and turned on
although I was again from 63 3 05 attorney
they're just pretty good at or
quality you like do hd on here
yes , without a pass can do things
explain how much the contract could be
the power goes also the side
already climbing a room quality
as a long delivery
then came a ton of kloppen determined
also health disney land again
bring
i just think the school was rich
he in Rome wants to go to school not
out or the topic stronger already
after here lies the brother
small snippets from left and so on
took
that's how it resonates daily today
already burdened by the short rush
report here
or is not he smoking right now ?
from one goes still a brilliant Croatian
popped is clubs clubs and extent of gold
that sounds so disgusting eheleute he's not
not and only from the actual
something had a great pass now
but the cheap headphones so the sound
that was already clear at the beginning of one
stanza was synonymous well I say that
And that means it looks good
in the sleep that does not get weak now
I have to go with the camera with
the phone on the ear that one still
but that's not how it works
sees that looks pretty fast
murder from us on the other side
so I have it sharp war so naive
which is not punishable is further away
he does not go to forest looks
Also melted out of here is on everyone
fall and it stinks off people
and you only owe this video
beautiful soft the games building
berlin 's cable rimmele would have that
would not have been so good that there
already wonderful little ducks small
amplifiers have two anyway
tuned speakers come or anyway
headphone jack in it is building out
Building by that is really a lot going on
better to destroy if we have
wants to break headphones
which great adapter metropolis built
have to say and I thank you already
to see people and people again
I hope I get the video
rendered urbanization problems that is
if i can save the file it can
Do not give again delete nothing at all
more work but look if that at the
video now maybe it works
until then it rings